# MTechShop: Full-Stack Angular E-Commerce Application

## Technical Digest
- Built a full-stack E-commerce application with Angular front-end and Spring Boot back-end.

- Developed responsive front-end using Angular with HTML/CSS/TypeScript, leveraging scalable Angular
Reactive Form API and payment processing Stripe API; coupling with the back-end by REST API.

- Engineered the back-end with Spring Boot; manipulating MySQL database by Spring Data JPA-Hibernate.

- Leveraged Nginx to implement load balancer, utilized Spring Session and Redis to offer flexible and unified session
management and session persistence; implemented HTTPS security features by a self-signed certificate generated by OpenSSL.

- Deployed security mechanism for service authorization with Okta OpenID Connect (OIDC) through JSON Web
Token (JWT) and protected routes with Angular route guard CanActivate and OktaAuthGuard.

- Implemented HTTPS security features by key and self-signed certificate generated by OpenSSL/Java keytool.


## Features Overview
**Quick Peek!** A demo of this project is available at my  [YouTube channel](https://youtu.be/pprUfjNgJL0).


This application supports ...

- in-site search through the search box;
- products pagination, categorization, and detailed view;
- fully functioning shopping cart with session storage, so you will not lose your selected products even if you accidentally close your tab or browser;
- checkout form validation, pre-populated drop-down list, and auto-fill from shipping address to billing address;
- order tracking with **UUID** for all customers, regardless of sign-in status;
- VIP member special access through **protected route**: a single page of special discounts and benefits, only available to VIP custsomers;
- enabled multiple **environment configurations**: this app could be booted in pre-configured production or QA environment with `npm start -- --configuration=production` or `npm start -- --configuration=qa`;
- user management and authentication with **Okta API**: comply with **OAuth 2.0** industry standard, leverage authorization code flow with **Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)** to control access between app and auth server, and manage sign-up users through Okta panel;
- secure communication with **HTTPS**: the communication from the web browser to the Angular app, from the Angular app to Spring Boot back-end, is secured by HTTPS with self-signed certificate generated by OpenSSL;
- secure payment process in compliance with **Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard** (PCI DSS) features with Stripe: debit/credit card payment will be securely handled directly by Stripe, and this web app will not have access to customer's sensitive information;
- automatic email receipt: upon successful payment, the customer will receive an email receipt sent from us.
- A University of Michigan theme color scheme! Maize (#FFCB05) and Blue (#00274C).

## Deployment: Front-End

This project's front-end was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.6.

### Running the server

Run `ng serve` or `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Run `npm start -- --configuration=production` to run in production configuration.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Deployment: Back-End

This project's back-end was generated with [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot/) version 3.2.0.

### Running the back-end

Run `EcomApplication.java` for a active back-end. Then navigate to Angular CLI and run `npm start`. 
